# Harris_Brandon_Bonn
Programs and scripts used to process data for the Masters Thesis for Brandon Kirk Harris at the University of Bonn.

Name: Brandon Kirk Harris
Thesis title: Comparison of information content of different genomic SNP marker sets for population genetic analyses of Canis lupus
School: Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn
Degree: Master program in Organismic Biology, Evolutionary Biology, and Palaeobiology
Primary Advisor: Christoph Mayer
Secondary Advisor: Lars Podsiadlowski

Contents:
1. fasta_f.cpp: this file contains fasta-related management functions that I call in multiple C/C++ programs.
2. fasta_f.h: the header file for fasta_f.cpp.
3. bkh-long-var.cpp: a program to sort and output a fasta file containing multiple variants of a gene for the longest variant.
4. bkh-oDBget.cpp: a program that takes a text file generated by OrthoDB.org that contains cluster ids and creates a url for each cluster id, for downloading with wget.
5. bkh-gfc.cpp: a program that takes a fasta file and creates a new file for each gene within, or if the gene file already exists, appends them with the genes from the read fasta file. Can read multiple fasta files.
6. bkh-wgetter.sh: A bash script that uses bkh-oDBget to download a list of cluster ids from orthoDB.org and generate a list of genes associated with those cluster ids.
7. Canid_start.R: An R script to set up an R environment for use in R studio.
8. Canid.R: an R script to visualize SNP data
9. Canid_clade.R: an R script containing clade labels for phylogenies. Clade labels are separated by marker and have to be pasted into Canid.R for use.
